Position Summary Technical professionals are defined by what they create. Samsung has the risk taking corporate culture, strategic R&amp;D investments and global know-how to imagine, develop and market products that lead the industry. Samsung Ads group located in Mountain View, CA is currently recruiting world-class engineers who share our “Innovation through passion” philosophy and thrive in a well-paced, results-driven environment. Samsung Ads team is responsible for delivering market leading Advertising products and services delivering billions of ad impressions to hundreds of millions of devices. Role and Responsibilities Responsibilities Design and develop scalable data stores and frameworks with sub-second query latency on highly multi-dimensional data. Engineering solutions to aggregate and automate large scale data flows from varying sources Build real time streaming pipelines that deliver data with measurable quality under the SLA Ability to effectively communicate ideas to peers and distributed teams Delivering products with top notch quality in a fast-paced environment Contributing towards building a system with a test-driven development / agile approach Collaborate with other team members in breaking down tasks and implementation of the initiatives all the way to release. Skills and Qualifications Requirements: Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering with experience directly related to position. Experience with large-scale distributed systems as pertains to data storage and computing Experience building data lakes and data warehouses on AWS Extensive experience with Amazon AWS technologies S3, EMR, Redshift or similar cloud offerings. Strong development skills in Java, Scala and Spark with Scala. Knowledge of various databases / database technologies - Oracle, Postgres, Cassandra (NoSQL), Vertica or other columnar databases. Works on complex issues where analyzing situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variables. Exercises judgement in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria to obtain results Champion best practices for high availability, scalability and reliability of data processing components Advanced disciplinary knowledge in data technologies like Airflow, Spark, Python, Sql, Java, AWS and strong CS Fundamentals Exposure to statistical data structures such as HyperLogLog, MinHash etc Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing Highly proficient in Object Oriented Design and Development. Not-Required but Preferred: • Experience working in the Advertising domain a big plus CALIFORNIA ONLY Salary Range Pay Transparency: Compensation for this role, for candidates based in Mountain View, CA is expected to be between $115,000 and $140,000. Actual pay will be determined considering factors such as relevant skills and experience, and comparison to other employees in the role. Regular full-time employees (salaried or hourly) have access to benefits including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, 401(k), Employee Purchase Program, Tuition Assistance (after 6 months), Paid Time Off, Student Loan Program (after 6 months), Wellness Incentives, and many more. * Please visit Samsung membership to see Privacy Policy, which defaults according to your location. You can change Country/Language at the bottom of the page. If you are European Economic Resident, please click here. At Samsung, we believe that innovation and growth are driven by an inclusive culture and a diverse workforce. We aim to create a global team where everyone belongs and has equal opportunities, inspiring our talent to be their true selves. Together, we are building a better tomorrow for our customers, partners, and communities. * Samsung Electronics America, Inc. and its subsidiaries are committed to employing a diverse workforce, and provide Equal Employment Opportunity for all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. Reasonable Accommodations for Qualified Individuals with Disabilities During the Application Process Samsung Electronics America is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application process. If you have a disability and require a reasonable accommodation in order to participate in the application process, please contact our Reasonable Accommodation Team (855-557-3247) or SEA_Accommodations_Ext@sea.samsung.com for assistance. This number is for accommodation requests only and is not intended for general employment inquiries. Job Alerts: If you would like to be notified of new opportunities when they are posted, please click here. You will be asked to create an account first if you do not already have one. Samsung Electronics is a global leader in technology, opening new possibilities for people everywhere. Through relentless innovation and discovery, we are transforming the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, and network systems, and the entire semiconductor industry with our memory, system LSI, foundry, and LED solutions. Samsung is also leading in the development of the Internet of Things through, among others, our Smart Home and Digital Health initiatives. Since being established in 1969, Samsung Electronics has grown into one of the world’s leading technology companies, and become recognized as one of the top global brands. Our network now extends across the world, and Samsung takes great pride in the creativity and diversity of its talented people, who drive our growth. To discover more, please visit our official newsroom at (https://news.samsung.com/global/).