Expedia Group brands power global travel for everyone, everywhere. We design cutting-edge tech to make travel smoother and more memorable, and we create groundbreaking solutions for our partners. Our diverse, vibrant, and welcoming community is essential in driving our success. Why Join Us? To shape the future of travel, people must come first. Guided by our Values and Leadership Agreements, we foster an open culture where everyone belongs, differences are celebrated and know that when one of us wins, we all win. We provide a full benefits package, including exciting travel perks, generous time-off, parental leave, a global hybrid work setup (with some pretty cool offices), and career development resources, all to fuel our employees' passion for travel and ensure a rewarding career journey. We’re building a more open world. Join us. Introduction to Team Expedia Product &amp; Technology builds innovative products, services, and tools to deliver high-quality experiences for travelers, partners, and our employees. A singular technology platform powered by data and machine learning provides secure, differentiated, and personalized experiences for the traveler and our partners that drive loyalty and customer satisfaction. The Data Engineer III role is part of the MeSo ADAM (Audience, Data, Attribution &amp; Measurement) team which sits within our Product &amp; Technology division. This team is responsible for improving Ad Relevancy for our customers and increasing/providing insights for our advertisers through the use of data. In this role, you will pivotal in proposing, designing, and implementing key initiatives around our Travel Media Network. In this role, you will: Lead and actively participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle, including the design, analysis, development, and deployment efforts for multiple enterprise applications projects to tackle sophisticated business problems. Deconstruct large, sophisticated problems into manageable and achievable breakthroughs driving streamlined execution by the team. Provide technical guidance and mentoring to peers and more junior engineers, helping them overcome obstacles and have growth opportunities. Collaborate with EG leaders with vision to architect and build robust applications and thoughtfully choose relevant technologies to evolve EG travel platform. Maintain, monitor and improve our solutions and systems with a focus on service excellence; apply industry standards and innovative technologies to improve efficiency, quality, and system performance. Technologies we use: Java, Scala, AWS Cloud Services, GraphQL, Kafka, Flink, Spark, Cassandra, MongoDB, DataDog, Splunk. Experience and qualifications: Bachelor's, Master's, or Equivalent Experience; Technical degree or relevant experience is applicable. 4+ years of experience developing data and software solutions, including ETLs. 3+ years of experience in building data pipelines in cloud architectures. Experience in Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Apache Flink, Splunk, Datadog. Experience in NoSQL and SQL Databases including MongoDB or Elastic Search. Experience building data pipelines incrementally and ensure test cases and logging are built for all scenario. Agile methodologies and tools including Jira or Scrum practices. Experience in Scala or Java. Nice to have: prior AdTech/advertising technology experience. Nice to have: prior experience with AI/ML technologies. The total cash range for this position in Chicago is $128,000.00 to $179,500.00. Employees in this role have the potential to increase their pay up to $205,000.00, which is the top of the range, based on ongoing, demonstrated, and sustained performance in the role. Starting pay for this role will vary based on multiple factors, including location, available budget, and an individual’s knowledge, skills, and experience. Pay ranges may be modified in the future. Accommodation requests If you need assistance with any part of the application or recruiting process due to a disability, or other physical or mental health conditions, please reach out to our Recruiting Accommodations Team through the Accommodation Request. We are proud to be named as a Best Place to Work on Glassdoor in 2024 and be recognized for award-winning culture by organizations like Forbes, TIME, Disability:IN, and others. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™. © 2024 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50 Employment opportunities and job offers at Expedia Group will always come from Expedia Group’s Talent Acquisition and hiring teams. Never provide sensitive, personal information to someone unless you’re confident who the recipient is. Expedia Group does not extend job offers via email or any other messaging tools to individuals with whom we have not made prior contact. Our email domain is @expediagroup.com. The official website to find and apply for job openings at Expedia Group is careers.expediagroup.com/jobs. Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™. For more information, visit www.expediagroup.com. Employment opportunities and job offers at Expedia Group will always come from Expedia Group’s Talent Acquisition and hiring teams. Never provide sensitive, personal information to someone unless you’re confident who the recipient is. Expedia Group does not extend job offers via email or any other messaging tools to individuals to whom we have not made prior contact. Our email domain is @expediagroup.com. The official website to find and apply for job openings at Expedia Group is lifeatexpediagroup.com/jobs.