Job Description: Position Description: Transforms data into information for decision support through the development of reports and dashboards using Business Intelligence software and supporting the underlying technology infrastructures. Designs, develops, and delivers high quality, timely, and maintainable software solutions in an Agile environment. Designs and delivers data lake, data warehouses, and reports platforms using SQL and Python. Transforms data into actionable insights and reports using Tableau, Power BI, and OBIEE or similar BI tool like Business Objects. Generates reports from data warehouses and Business Intelligence (BI) tools. Architects and navigates database tables and objects. Primary Responsibilities: Complete report development, business analytics, business intelligence or comparable data engineering. Development and delivery of high quality, timely, and maintainable reporting capability in an agile environment to meet functional and non-functional business requirements. Develop dashboards, reports, tables, graphs and charts with OBIEE and BI Publisher. Complete database analysis using SQL and procedural logic (PL/SQL, T-SQL). Work with Data Warehouse and Dimensional Modeling (star-schema). Participate in the definition of the BI delivery strategy, standards and support tools. Complete statistical analysis using R or Python scripting. Education and Experience: Bachelor’s degree (or foreign education equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering Management, Information Technology, Information Systems, Mathematics, Physics, or a closely related field and three (3) years of experience in the job offered or three (3) years of experience performing Business Intelligence reporting and platform maintenance using OBIEE or similar BI tools -- Business Objects in a financial service environment. Or, alternatively, Master’s degree (or foreign education equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering Management, Information Technology, Information Systems, Mathematics, Physics, or a closely related field and one (1) year of experience in the job offered or one (1) year of experience performing Business Intelligence reporting and platform maintenance using OBIEE or similar BI tools -- Business Objects in a financial service environment. Skills and Knowledge: Candidate must also possess: Demonstrated Expertise (“DE”) creating, testing and automation of reports, graphs, and dashboards; and scheduling automation jobs on server, understanding platform security and maintaining user access management in OBIEE or BI similar tools -- Business Objects. DE understanding the Data Warehouse architecture and Dimensional Modeling concepts (STAR, Snowflake Schemas) to deliver clean and consistent data; and design, implement and support platforms that provide users access to large datasets. DE using SQL(T-SQL) programming language for developing new requirements and data analysis; and querying data from databases -- Oracle or Snowflake -- and connect to BI tools to convert data into information. DE analyzing, planning, designing, developing, testing, deploying, and supporting legacy and dimensional data warehouse, using BI tools-- PowerBI or OBIEE or similar BI tools -- Business Objects. #PE1M2 Certifications: Category: Information Technology Fidelity’s hybrid working model blends the best of both onsite and offsite work experiences. Working onsite is important for our business strategy and our culture. We also value the benefits that working offsite offers associates. Most hybrid roles require associates to work onsite every other week (all business days, M-F) in a Fidelity office. At Fidelity, we are passionate about making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want! We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com. Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation please contact the following: For roles based in the US: Contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations@fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 2 For roles based in Ireland: Contact AccommodationsIreland@fmr.com For roles based in Germany: Contact Accommodationsgermany@fmr.com Fidelity Privacy Policy