At T-Mobile, we invest in YOU! Our Total Rewards Package ensures that employees get the same big love we give our customers. All team members receive a competitive base salary and compensation package - this is Total Rewards. Employees enjoy multiple wealth-building opportunities through our annual stock grant, employee stock purchase plan, 401(k), and access to free, year-round money coaches. That’s how we’re UNSTOPPABLE for our employees! Are you ready to join the Un-carrier movement? If so, our team is searching for a Software Engineer to work with a team of other software engineers, network, and systems engineers to craft, implement, and deploy software which meet customer's requirements, scales easily, removes the limitations of traditional networking solutions, and supports deployment in highly available environments. Our team participates and leads in architecture and design of various software components using technologies such as virtualization, micro services, SDN, NFV, and Big Data platforms and technologies. We work on technical assignments that are semi routine or greenfield in nature but recognize the need for occasional deviation from accepted practice! Our SWE's normally follow established procedures on routine work and require instructions only on new assignments. We are a team that encourages innovation and advocate an agile and open approach, truly working and playing in the Un-carrier way! Responsibilities: Data Analysis and Visualization: Develop dashboards and reports in Tableau and Power BI to provide meaningful insights and visualizations that support data-driven decision-making across the organization. Data Management and Integration: Design, develop, and maintain scalable data pipelines and ETL processes using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud. Technical Engineering Services: Supports engineering projects by developing software solutions; conducting tests and inspections; preparing reports and calculations. Encouraged to mentor associate engineers on occasion. Technical Leadership: Collaborate with technical teams and applies system expertise to deliver technical solutions. Continuously learning new technologies. Technical Writing: Writes basic documentation on how technology works and supply clear documentation for new code and systems used. Documenting systems designs, presentations, and business requirements for consumption at the engineer level. Technology Strategy: Contributes to new technologies to deliver business goals. Understands current technology supporting business goals using system protocols, how systems operate and data flows. Encouraged to independently develop a full software stack while understanding the building blocks, interactions, dependencies, and tools required to complete software and automation work. Partner with system engineers to define system requirement and/or vital requirements for automation. Innovation Presents new insights which improve an existing system/process/service using new frameworks. Express fresh opinions based on independent study of the industry. Review current company processes to highlight questions to drive process refinement. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 2+ yrs technical engineering experience. Experience with Tableau and PowerBI Experience writing SQL queries. Ability to craft, develop, and implement ETL processes. Ability to write and review Java code. Experience in an Agile environment. Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery tools, and GitLab preferred. Experience in Kubernetes preferred. Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure, AWS) preferred. Education: Bachelor's Degree Computer Science or Engineering At least 18 years of age Legally authorized to work in the United States Travel: Travel Required (Yes/No):Yes DOT Regulated: DOT Regulated Position (Yes/No):No Safety Sensitive Position (Yes/No):No Base Pay Range: $92,500 - $166,800 Corporate Bonus Target: 15% The pay range above is the general base pay range for a successful candidate in the role. The successful candidate’s actual pay will be based on various factors, such as work location, qualifications, and experience, so the actual starting pay will vary within this range. At T-Mobile, employees in regular, non-temporary roles are eligible for an annual bonus or periodic sales incentive or bonus, based on their role. Most Corporate employees are eligible for a year-end bonus based on company and/or individual performance and which is set at a percentage of the employee’s eligible earnings in the prior year. Certain positions in Customer Care are eligible for monthly bonuses based on individual and/or team performance. To find the pay range for this role based on hiring location, https://paylookup.t-mobile.com/paylookup?reqID=REQ270158&amp;paradox=1 At T-Mobile, our benefits exemplify the spirit of One Team, Together! A big part of how we care for one another is working to ensure our benefits evolve to meet the needs of our team members. Full and part-time employees have access to the same benefits when eligible. We cover all of the bases, offering medical, dental and vision insurance, a flexible spending account, 401(k), employee stock grants, employee stock purchase plan, paid time off and up to 12 paid holidays - which total about 4 weeks for new full-time employees and about 2.5 weeks for new part-time employees annually - paid parental and family leave, family building benefits, back-up care, enhanced family support, childcare subsidy, tuition assistance, college coaching, short- and long-term disability, voluntary AD&amp;D coverage, voluntary accident coverage, voluntary life insurance, voluntary disability insurance, and voluntary long-term care insurance. We don't stop there - eligible employees can also receive mobile service &amp; home internet discounts, pet insurance, and access to commuter and transit programs! To learn about T-Mobile’s amazing benefits, check out www.t-mobilebenefits.com. Never stop growing! As part of the T-Mobile team, you know the Un-carrier doesn’t have a corporate ladder–it’s more like a jungle gym of possibilities! We love helping our employees grow in their careers, because it’s that shared drive to aim high that drives our business and our culture forward. By applying for this career opportunity, you’re living our values while investing in your career growth–and we applaud it. You’re unstoppable! T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, religious affiliation, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination, retaliation or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with how we do business and will not be tolerated. Talent comes in all forms at the Un-carrier. If you are an individual with a disability and need reasonable accommodation at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know by emailing ApplicantAccommodation@t-mobile.com or calling 1-844-873-9500. Please note, this contact channel is not a means to apply for or inquire about a position and we are unable to respond to non-accommodation related requests. T-Mobile U.S. Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is America’s supercharged Un-carrier, delivering an advanced 4G LTE and transformative nationwide 5G network that will offer reliable connectivity for all. T-Mobile’s customers benefit from its unmatched combination of value and quality, unwavering obsession with offering them the best possible service experience and undisputable drive for disruption that creates competition and innovation in wireless and beyond. Based in Bellevue, Wash., T-Mobile provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile, Metro by T-Mobile and Sprint. For more information please visit: http://www.t-mobile.com We take equal opportunity seriously—by choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, religious affiliation, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination, retaliation or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with how we do business and will not be tolerated. T-Mobile USA, Inc. maintains a drug-free workplace. The unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use of a controlled substance or marijuana is prohibited in T-Mobile's workplace and employee conduct in violation of this prohibition is subject to employer discipline, including termination. We are committed to maintaining your trust by respecting and protecting your privacy. For more information about how T-Mobile processes the personal data of job applicants, please visit Applicant Privacy Notice.